Add declarative shadow DOM to Firefox 123 release notes (#32128)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/releases/123/index.md

### HTML

> - The {{htmlelement("template")}} element now supports a `shadowrootmode` attribute which can be set to either `open` or `closed`, the same values as the `mode` option of the {{domxref("Element.attachShadow()", "attachShadow()")}} method. It allows the creation of a shadow DOM subtree declaratively. ([Firefox bug 1712140](https://bugzil.la/1870052))

Reviewer: @pepelsbey Arguable, but I think it is worth saying what open and close do. Does this make sense?

```suggestion
- The {{htmlelement("template")}} element now supports a `shadowrootmode` attribute that allows declarative creation of a shadow DOM subtree. The attribute can be set to either `open` or `closed`, which expose or hide JavaScript in the shadow DOM from external code, respectively. These are the same values as the `mode` option of the {{domxref("Element.attachShadow()", "attachShadow()")}} method. ([Firefox bug 1712140](https://bugzil.la/1870052))
```

Author: Good point, thank you!
